Add support for environment and dataset rules with same names (#438)
honeycombio/refinery: README.md

In environments where domain name resolution is slow or unreliable, override the reliance on name lookups by specifying the name of the peering network interface with the `IdentifierInterfaceName` configuration option.
See the [Refinery documentation](https://docs.honeycomb.io/manage-data-volume/refinery/) for more details on tuning a cluster.

### Mixing Legacy and Environment & Services Rule Definitions

With the change to support environemt and services in Honeycomb, some users will want to support both sending telemetry to a legacy dataset and a new environment called the same thing (eg `production`).

> This can be achomplihsed by leveraging the new `DataserPrefix` configuration property and then using that prefix in the rules definitions for the legacy datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be accomplished by leveraging the new `DatasetPrefix` configuration property and then using that prefix in the rules definitions for the legacy datasets.
```

When Refinery receives telemetry using an API key associated to a legacy dataset, it will then use the prefix in the form `{prefix}.{dataset}` when trying to resolve the rules definition.

For example
config.toml
```toml
DatasetPrefix = "legacy"
```

rules.toml
```toml
# default rules
Sampler = "DeterministicSampler"
SampleRate = 1

    [production] # environment called "production"
    Sampler = "DeterministicSampler"
    SampleRate = 5

>     [legacy.production] # dataset called "prodiction"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [legacy.production] # dataset called "production"
```
